Mean number of new patients per week - The mean number of patients joining the Step 3 high intensity waiting list post-assessment each week

Percentage of patients who prefer evening appointments – The percentage of all Step 3 high intensity patients who request evening appointments

Percentage of patients who prefer face to face appointments - The percentage of all Step 3 high intensity patients who request face to face appointments

Percentage patients who are priority patients - The percentage of all Step 3 high intensity patients who have priority status

Percentage of patients who are referred to IESO - The percentage of all Step 3 high intensity patients who are referred to IESO therapy after assessment. PERCENTAGES FOR IESO, 121, AND GROUP MUST ADD UP TO 100%.

Percentage of patients who are referred to 121 therapy - The percentage of all Step 3 high intensity patients who are referred to one to one therapy after assessment. PERCENTAGES FOR IESO, 121, AND GROUP MUST ADD UP TO 100%.

Percentage of patients who are referred to group therapy - The percentage of all Step 3 high intensity patients who are referred to group therapy after assessment. PERCENTAGES FOR IESO, 121, AND GROUP MUST ADD UP TO 100%.

Mean number of weeks patients wait for IESO – The mean number of weeks a patient will wait from assessment to commencing IESO therapy

(Mean) number of sessions for a full course of group therapy – The number of sessions a patient would be offered for a full course of group therapy. If this is not the same for all groups use the mean. This assumes one session is offered per week, and if a patient drops out of a group their space is not filled by another patient part way through the course.

Mean number of sessions patients undertake for 121 therapy – The mean number of sessions a patient would complete on a course of one to one therapy. Please include DNAs and patients who dropped out when calculating this mean. This assumes one session is offered per week.

Mean number of sessions patients undertake for IESO - The mean number of sessions a patient would complete on a course of IESO therapy. Please include DNAs and patients who dropped out when calculating this mean. This assumes one session is offered per week. 

Number of spaces available on each virtual group – The maximum number of patients who can be accommodated on one virtual group therapy session.

Number of spaces available on each F2F group - The maximum number of patients who can be accommodated on one face to face group therapy session.

Number of virtual evening groups running per week – The total number of virtual groups running in the evening on an average week.

Number of virtual daytime groups running per week - The total number of virtual groups running in the daytime on an average week.

Number of face to face evening groups running per week - The total number of face to face groups running in the evening on an average week. This can be set to 0.

Number of face to face daytime groups running per week - The total number of face to face groups running in the daytime on an average week. This can be set to 0.

Number of evening face to face 121 appointments available per week – The total number of face to face one to one appointments available in the evening each week.

Number of evening virtual 121 appointments available per week - The total number of virtual one to one appointments available in the evening each week.

Number of daytime face to face 121 appointments available per week - The total number of face to face one to one appointments available in the daytime each week.

Number of daytime virtual 121appointments available per week - The total number of virtual one to one appointments available in the daytime each week.
